print The stranger officiates the meal.
print She was too short to see over the fence.
print He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
print The river stole the gods.
print The old apple revels in its authority.
print He told us a very exciting adventure story.
print The book is in front of the table.
print Christmas is coming.
print She folded her handkerchief neatly.
print She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
print I want more detailed information.
print If I donÅft like something, IÅfll stay away from it.
print I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damnÅc I just got older.
print I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
print He didnÅft want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
print It was getting dark, and we werenÅft there yet.
print I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
print I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
print They got there early, and they got really good seats.
print She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
print The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
print I currently have 4 windows open upÅc and I donÅft know why.
print If Purple People Eaters are realÅc where do they find purple people to eat?
print Mary plays the piano.
print Two seats were vacant.
print My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
print The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
print I am never at home on Sundays.
print Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when youÅfre in a better frame of mind.
print Rock music approaches at high velocity.
print She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
print Tom got a small piece of pie.
print I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
print I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
print Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
print Abstraction is often one floor above you.
print Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isnÅft so bad after all.
print If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
print Wow, does that work?
print Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if heÅfs happy about it?
print Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
print The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
print I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldnÅft be any different to what my nickname was.
print Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
print She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
print Hurry!
print He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
print A song can make or ruin a personÅfs day if they let it get to them.
print What was the person thinking when they discovered cowÅfs milk was fine for human consumptionÅc and why did they do it in the first place!?
print Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didnÅft and they donÅft recommend anyone else do it either.
print The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
print This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
print Please wait outside of the house.
print There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
print We have a lot of rain in June.
print If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. ItÅfs really not as bad as it sounds.
print A glittering gem is not enough.
print I want to buy a onesieÅc but know it wonÅft suit me.
print She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
print I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
print He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
print The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
print Is it free?
print Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
print Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
print Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
print I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
print She did her best to help him.
print The shooter says goodbye to his love.
print Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
print We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
print Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
print She advised him to come back at once.
print This is a Japanese doll.
print Let me help you with your baggage.
print She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
print We need to rent a room for our party.
print A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
print Last Friday in three weekÅfs time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
print Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
print Where do random thoughts come from?
print I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasnÅft good enough.
print The mysterious diary records the voice.
print Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
print The lake is a long way from here.
print There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
print I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
print The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
print Don't step on the broken glass.
print When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
print How was the math test?
print I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
print Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
output The stranger officiates the meal.
output She was too short to see over the fence.
output He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
output The river stole the gods.
output The old apple revels in its authority.
output He told us a very exciting adventure story.
output The book is in front of the table.
output Christmas is coming.
output She folded her handkerchief neatly.
output She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
output I want more detailed information.
output If I donÅft like something, IÅfll stay away from it.
output I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damnÅc I just got older.
output I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
output He didnÅft want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
output It was getting dark, and we werenÅft there yet.
output I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
output I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
output They got there early, and they got really good seats.
output She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
output The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
output I currently have 4 windows open upÅc and I donÅft know why.
output If Purple People Eaters are realÅc where do they find purple people to eat?
output Mary plays the piano.
output Two seats were vacant.
output My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
output The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
output I am never at home on Sundays.
output Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when youÅfre in a better frame of mind.
output Rock music approaches at high velocity.
output She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
output Tom got a small piece of pie.
output I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
output I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
output Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
output Abstraction is often one floor above you.
output Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isnÅft so bad after all.
output If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
output Wow, does that work?
output Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if heÅfs happy about it?
output Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
output The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
output I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldnÅft be any different to what my nickname was.
output Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
output She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
output Hurry!
output He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
output A song can make or ruin a personÅfs day if they let it get to them.
output What was the person thinking when they discovered cowÅfs milk was fine for human consumptionÅc and why did they do it in the first place!?
output Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didnÅft and they donÅft recommend anyone else do it either.
output The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
output This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
output Please wait outside of the house.
output There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
output We have a lot of rain in June.
output If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. ItÅfs really not as bad as it sounds.
output A glittering gem is not enough.
output I want to buy a onesieÅc but know it wonÅft suit me.
output She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
output I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
output He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
output The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
output Is it free?
output Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
output Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
output Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
output I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
output She did her best to help him.
output The shooter says goodbye to his love.
output Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
output We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
output Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
output She advised him to come back at once.
output This is a Japanese doll.
output Let me help you with your baggage.
output She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
output We need to rent a room for our party.
output A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
output Last Friday in three weekÅfs time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
output Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
output Where do random thoughts come from?
output I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasnÅft good enough.
output The mysterious diary records the voice.
output Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
output The lake is a long way from here.
output There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
output I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
output The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
output Don't step on the broken glass.
output When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
output How was the math test?
output I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
output Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
show The stranger officiates the meal.
show She was too short to see over the fence.
show He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
show The river stole the gods.
show The old apple revels in its authority.
show He told us a very exciting adventure story.
show The book is in front of the table.
show Christmas is coming.
show She folded her handkerchief neatly.
show She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
show I want more detailed information.
show If I donÅft like something, IÅfll stay away from it.
show I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damnÅc I just got older.
show I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
show He didnÅft want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
show It was getting dark, and we werenÅft there yet.
show I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
show I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
show They got there early, and they got really good seats.
show She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
show The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
show I currently have 4 windows open upÅc and I donÅft know why.
show If Purple People Eaters are realÅc where do they find purple people to eat?
show Mary plays the piano.
show Two seats were vacant.
show My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
show The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
show I am never at home on Sundays.
show Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when youÅfre in a better frame of mind.
show Rock music approaches at high velocity.
show She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
show Tom got a small piece of pie.
show I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
show I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
show Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
show Abstraction is often one floor above you.
show Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isnÅft so bad after all.
show If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
show Wow, does that work?
show Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if heÅfs happy about it?
show Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
show The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
show I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldnÅft be any different to what my nickname was.
show Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
show She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
show Hurry!
show He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
show A song can make or ruin a personÅfs day if they let it get to them.
show What was the person thinking when they discovered cowÅfs milk was fine for human consumptionÅc and why did they do it in the first place!?
show Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didnÅft and they donÅft recommend anyone else do it either.
show The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
show This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
show Please wait outside of the house.
show There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
show We have a lot of rain in June.
show If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. ItÅfs really not as bad as it sounds.
show A glittering gem is not enough.
show I want to buy a onesieÅc but know it wonÅft suit me.
show She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
show I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
show He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
show The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
show Is it free?
show Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
show Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
show Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
show I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
show She did her best to help him.
show The shooter says goodbye to his love.
show Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
show We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
show Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
show She advised him to come back at once.
show This is a Japanese doll.
show Let me help you with your baggage.
show She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
show We need to rent a room for our party.
show A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
show Last Friday in three weekÅfs time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
show Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
show Where do random thoughts come from?
show I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasnÅft good enough.
show The mysterious diary records the voice.
show Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
show The lake is a long way from here.
show There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
show I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
show The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
show Don't step on the broken glass.
show When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
show How was the math test?
show I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
show Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
display The stranger officiates the meal.
display She was too short to see over the fence.
display He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
display The river stole the gods.
display The old apple revels in its authority.
display He told us a very exciting adventure story.
display The book is in front of the table.
display Christmas is coming.
display She folded her handkerchief neatly.
display She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
display I want more detailed information.
display If I donÅft like something, IÅfll stay away from it.
display I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damnÅc I just got older.
display I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
display He didnÅft want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
display It was getting dark, and we werenÅft there yet.
display I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
display I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
display They got there early, and they got really good seats.
display She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
display The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
display I currently have 4 windows open upÅc and I donÅft know why.
display If Purple People Eaters are realÅc where do they find purple people to eat?
display Mary plays the piano.
display Two seats were vacant.
display My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
display The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
display I am never at home on Sundays.
display Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when youÅfre in a better frame of mind.
display Rock music approaches at high velocity.
display She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
display Tom got a small piece of pie.
display I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
display I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
display Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
display Abstraction is often one floor above you.
display Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isnÅft so bad after all.
display If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
display Wow, does that work?
display Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if heÅfs happy about it?
display Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
display The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
display I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldnÅft be any different to what my nickname was.
display Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
display She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
display Hurry!
display He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
display A song can make or ruin a personÅfs day if they let it get to them.
display What was the person thinking when they discovered cowÅfs milk was fine for human consumptionÅc and why did they do it in the first place!?
display Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didnÅft and they donÅft recommend anyone else do it either.
display The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
display This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
display Please wait outside of the house.
display There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
display We have a lot of rain in June.
display If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. ItÅfs really not as bad as it sounds.
display A glittering gem is not enough.
display I want to buy a onesieÅc but know it wonÅft suit me.
display She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
display I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
display He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
display The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
display Is it free?
display Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
display Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
display Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
display I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
display She did her best to help him.
display The shooter says goodbye to his love.
display Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
display We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
display Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
display She advised him to come back at once.
display This is a Japanese doll.
display Let me help you with your baggage.
display She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
display We need to rent a room for our party.
display A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
display Last Friday in three weekÅfs time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
display Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
display Where do random thoughts come from?
display I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasnÅft good enough.
display The mysterious diary records the voice.
display Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
display The lake is a long way from here.
display There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
display I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
display The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
display Don't step on the broken glass.
display When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
display How was the math test?
display I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
display Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
stdout The stranger officiates the meal.
stdout She was too short to see over the fence.
stdout He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
stdout The river stole the gods.
stdout The old apple revels in its authority.
stdout He told us a very exciting adventure story.
stdout The book is in front of the table.
stdout Christmas is coming.
stdout She folded her handkerchief neatly.
stdout She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
stdout I want more detailed information.
stdout If I donÅft like something, IÅfll stay away from it.
stdout I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damnÅc I just got older.
stdout I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
stdout He didnÅft want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
stdout It was getting dark, and we werenÅft there yet.
stdout I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
stdout I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
stdout They got there early, and they got really good seats.
stdout She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
stdout The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
stdout I currently have 4 windows open upÅc and I donÅft know why.
stdout If Purple People Eaters are realÅc where do they find purple people to eat?
stdout Mary plays the piano.
stdout Two seats were vacant.
stdout My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
stdout The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
stdout I am never at home on Sundays.
stdout Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when youÅfre in a better frame of mind.
stdout Rock music approaches at high velocity.
stdout She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
stdout Tom got a small piece of pie.
stdout I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
stdout I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
stdout Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
stdout Abstraction is often one floor above you.
stdout Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isnÅft so bad after all.
stdout If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
stdout Wow, does that work?
stdout Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if heÅfs happy about it?
stdout Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
stdout The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
stdout I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldnÅft be any different to what my nickname was.
stdout Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
stdout She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
stdout Hurry!
stdout He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
stdout A song can make or ruin a personÅfs day if they let it get to them.
stdout What was the person thinking when they discovered cowÅfs milk was fine for human consumptionÅc and why did they do it in the first place!?
stdout Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didnÅft and they donÅft recommend anyone else do it either.
stdout The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
stdout This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
stdout Please wait outside of the house.
stdout There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
stdout We have a lot of rain in June.
stdout If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. ItÅfs really not as bad as it sounds.
stdout A glittering gem is not enough.
stdout I want to buy a onesieÅc but know it wonÅft suit me.
stdout She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
stdout I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
stdout He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
stdout The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
stdout Is it free?
stdout Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
stdout Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
stdout Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
stdout I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
stdout She did her best to help him.
stdout The shooter says goodbye to his love.
stdout Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
stdout We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
stdout Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
stdout She advised him to come back at once.
stdout This is a Japanese doll.
stdout Let me help you with your baggage.
stdout She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
stdout We need to rent a room for our party.
stdout A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
stdout Last Friday in three weekÅfs time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
stdout Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
stdout Where do random thoughts come from?
stdout I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasnÅft good enough.
stdout The mysterious diary records the voice.
stdout Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
stdout The lake is a long way from here.
stdout There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
stdout I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
stdout The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
stdout Don't step on the broken glass.
stdout When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
stdout How was the math test?
stdout I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
stdout Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
out The stranger officiates the meal.
out She was too short to see over the fence.
out He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
out The river stole the gods.
out The old apple revels in its authority.
out He told us a very exciting adventure story.
out The book is in front of the table.
out Christmas is coming.
out She folded her handkerchief neatly.
out She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
out I want more detailed information.
out If I donÅft like something, IÅfll stay away from it.
out I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damnÅc I just got older.
out I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
out He didnÅft want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
out It was getting dark, and we werenÅft there yet.
out I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
out I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
out They got there early, and they got really good seats.
out She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
out The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
out I currently have 4 windows open upÅc and I donÅft know why.
out If Purple People Eaters are realÅc where do they find purple people to eat?
out Mary plays the piano.
out Two seats were vacant.
out My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
out The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
out I am never at home on Sundays.
out Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when youÅfre in a better frame of mind.
out Rock music approaches at high velocity.
out She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
out Tom got a small piece of pie.
out I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
out I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
out Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
out Abstraction is often one floor above you.
out Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isnÅft so bad after all.
out If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
out Wow, does that work?
out Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if heÅfs happy about it?
out Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
out The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
out I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldnÅft be any different to what my nickname was.
out Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
out She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
out Hurry!
out He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
out A song can make or ruin a personÅfs day if they let it get to them.
out What was the person thinking when they discovered cowÅfs milk was fine for human consumptionÅc and why did they do it in the first place!?
out Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didnÅft and they donÅft recommend anyone else do it either.
out The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
out This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
out Please wait outside of the house.
out There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
out We have a lot of rain in June.
out If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. ItÅfs really not as bad as it sounds.
out A glittering gem is not enough.
out I want to buy a onesieÅc but know it wonÅft suit me.
out She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
out I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
out He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
out The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
out Is it free?
out Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
out Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
out Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
out I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
out She did her best to help him.
out The shooter says goodbye to his love.
out Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
out We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
out Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
out She advised him to come back at once.
out This is a Japanese doll.
out Let me help you with your baggage.
out She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
out We need to rent a room for our party.
out A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
out Last Friday in three weekÅfs time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
out Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
out Where do random thoughts come from?
out I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasnÅft good enough.
out The mysterious diary records the voice.
out Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
out The lake is a long way from here.
out There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
out I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
out The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
out Don't step on the broken glass.
out When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
out How was the math test?
out I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
out Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
give The stranger officiates the meal.
give She was too short to see over the fence.
give He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
give The river stole the gods.
give The old apple revels in its authority.
give He told us a very exciting adventure story.
give The book is in front of the table.
give Christmas is coming.
give She folded her handkerchief neatly.
give She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
give I want more detailed information.
give If I donÅft like something, IÅfll stay away from it.
give I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damnÅc I just got older.
give I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
give He didnÅft want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
give It was getting dark, and we werenÅft there yet.
give I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
give I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
give They got there early, and they got really good seats.
give She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
give The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
give I currently have 4 windows open upÅc and I donÅft know why.
give If Purple People Eaters are realÅc where do they find purple people to eat?
give Mary plays the piano.
give Two seats were vacant.
give My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
give The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
give I am never at home on Sundays.
give Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when youÅfre in a better frame of mind.
give Rock music approaches at high velocity.
give She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
give Tom got a small piece of pie.
give I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
give I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
give Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
give Abstraction is often one floor above you.
give Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isnÅft so bad after all.
give If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
give Wow, does that work?
give Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if heÅfs happy about it?
give Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
give The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
give I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldnÅft be any different to what my nickname was.
give Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
give She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
give Hurry!
give He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
give A song can make or ruin a personÅfs day if they let it get to them.
give What was the person thinking when they discovered cowÅfs milk was fine for human consumptionÅc and why did they do it in the first place!?
give Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didnÅft and they donÅft recommend anyone else do it either.
give The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
give This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
give Please wait outside of the house.
give There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
give We have a lot of rain in June.
give If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. ItÅfs really not as bad as it sounds.
give A glittering gem is not enough.
give I want to buy a onesieÅc but know it wonÅft suit me.
give She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
give I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
give He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
give The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
give Is it free?
give Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
give Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
give Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
give I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
give She did her best to help him.
give The shooter says goodbye to his love.
give Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
give We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
give Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
give She advised him to come back at once.
give This is a Japanese doll.
give Let me help you with your baggage.
give She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
give We need to rent a room for our party.
give A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
give Last Friday in three weekÅfs time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
give Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
give Where do random thoughts come from?
give I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasnÅft good enough.
give The mysterious diary records the voice.
give Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
give The lake is a long way from here.
give There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
give I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
give The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
give Don't step on the broken glass.
give When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
give How was the math test?
give I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
give Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.