The stranger officiates the meal.
She was too short to see over the fence.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
The river stole the gods.
The old apple revels in its authority.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
The book is in front of the table.
Christmas is coming.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
I want more detailed information.
If I donÅft like something, IÅfll stay away from it.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damnÅc I just got older.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
He didnÅft want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
It was getting dark, and we werenÅft there yet.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
I currently have 4 windows open upÅc and I donÅft know why.
If Purple People Eaters are realÅc where do they find purple people to eat?
Mary plays the piano.
Two seats were vacant.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
I am never at home on Sundays.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when youÅfre in a better frame of mind.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isnÅft so bad after all.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
Wow, does that work?
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if heÅfs happy about it?
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldnÅft be any different to what my nickname was.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Hurry!
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
A song can make or ruin a personÅfs day if they let it get to them.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cowÅfs milk was fine for human consumptionÅc and why did they do it in the first place!?
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didnÅft and they donÅft recommend anyone else do it either.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Please wait outside of the house.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
We have a lot of rain in June.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. ItÅfs really not as bad as it sounds.
A glittering gem is not enough.
I want to buy a onesieÅc but know it wonÅft suit me.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
Is it free?
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
She did her best to help him.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
She advised him to come back at once.
This is a Japanese doll.
Let me help you with your baggage.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
We need to rent a room for our party.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Last Friday in three weekÅfs time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Where do random thoughts come from?
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasnÅft good enough.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
The lake is a long way from here.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Don't step on the broken glass.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
How was the math test?
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.